Fix multi-arch container builds by consolidating build jobs (#69)
OpenCHAMI/power-control: README.md

> # Power Control Service(pcs)

Reviewer: Time to opportunistically fix README typos:

```suggestion
# Power Control Service (pcs)
```

> This is a fork of the original PCS code from [Cray-HPE/hms-power-control](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/hms-power-control), suitable only for experimentation and demo purposes at this point.

Reviewer: Not entirely sure why we had this in the blurb originally. The original PCS already did what it was expected to, and we haven't reworked it in such a way that'd break existing functionality.

```suggestion
This is a fork of the original PCS code from [Cray-HPE/hms-power-control](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/hms-power-control). It adds support for Postgres operation.
```

> This is a fork of the original PCS code from [Cray-HPE/hms-power-control](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/hms-power-control). It adds support for Postgres operation.

Reviewer 2: I don't even thing we need to call out postgres, other things have been updated/fixed as well, but this can also be left in ...
